Please do a witness statement, address is sample solstice address 1, next line address
2, next line address 3, and then postcode date as the 26th of February 2010, your reference
A, B, C, stroke D, E, F, stroke 1, 2, stroke 3, 4, 5. Our reference is A, C, C, 5, 4, 3,
2, inspector is Jack Bowyer, B, O, W, Y, E, R, claim technician Gary Jones, underneath
that please put in a rectangle text box client interviewed in inverted commas and center
it, D says re your client hyphen at Joe Vlogs accident hyphen at 21 July 2009. Please confirm
that we have interviewed your client and have an industry report as followers, underneath
that please put clients in bold and aligned. The first paragraph, Joe Vlogs is 39 years
of age, he is a driver employed by ABC taxis, he lives with his wife and 3 children, full
staff, next line, more paragraph. His English was not good, a comment there interpreted
the assist when required, full staff, new paragraph. As a result of the language difficulties
his account is not overburdened with detail what it did seem plausible enough when describing
how he was stationary and hit whilst at a Heathrow airport. Full staff, new paragraph, he would
need an interpreter if matters were to proceed towards a court hearing and this is not inconceivable
that your opponent could raise causation issues given it is alleged that there was
minimal damage to your client's vehicle, full staff. Indeed he states that there is no claim
for vehicle repair, as a friend simply inverted commas knocked at the dead end, closing inverted
commas full staff. Next heading on bold and underlined is client's evidence. Next line,
we refer to the statement attached to the main points of which ours follows. First heading
A full stop and then accident circumstances, please put that in bold but down underlined.
First bullet point, he had just dropped off 3 passengers off at Heathrow airport, commas
terminal 3 and he was in the drop off labour when he was hit from behind full stop. Next
bullet point, he states the impact was hard and it knocked him forward full stop. From
the bullet point he had been hit by a Porsche and the occupants apparently tried to blame
him but he was adamant that he was stationary full stop. Next bullet point, Heathrow airport
police just told them to exchange details and those details have since been sent to
you full stop. Next heading B full stop quantum, again bold but down underlined. New bullet
point, he states he had pains across his back and headaches which affected his sleep from
the first night. He saw his doctor 3 straight 4 days after and was given painkillers full
stop. New bullet point, he was unable to work due to the pain he was suffering and took
45 days off losing 2,000 pounds and earnings full stop. New bullet point, he used to swim
at 3 times per week but has not done so since the accident. New bullet point, he states
he still suffers from odd pains especially when he wakes up in the morning and his blood
pressure was increased. Full stop, new bullet point at the instant was not reported to the
vehicle's insurers, sample insurers as the car only had a dent which a friend repaired
for free by knocking it out. Next heading is opinion straight recommendation for his
bold and underlined. It is regrettable that we have not been presented with details of
any witnesses and it is not inconceivable that your opponents may raise colourisation issues
given the minimal damage to your client's vehicle. Next paragraph, we are little perturbed
that your client states that the occupants of the other vehicle attempted to blame him
at the accident scene although he was adamant that he was stationary when hit. New paragraph,
at present we have no evidence to contradict his assertions, similarly we have no reason
to suppose that his account is inherently unreliable at this stage although clearly
the interview was a little disjointed and problematic due to the language difficulties
experienced. Next heading is timesheet please bold and underlined. Next line we have engaged
on this file as follows. First bullet point file administration hyphen 45 minutes. Next
bullet point travel to comment and interview with comment your client hyphen 180 minutes.
Next bullet point technical compilation hyphen 40 minutes. Next bullet point is finalisation
hyphen 20 minutes. Next heading is enclosures please bold and underlined. At the first line
we enclose the following first bullet point a note of our fee for your information. Full
stop new bullet point. Tight version of the trap draft statement taken. Full stop and
yours basically. Thank you.
